{
  "quotes": [
    "I’m a perfectionist, I’m not happy with a lot of things, but I’m working on it.",
    "There’s no way around hard work. If you want to be the best, you have to put in the time.",
    "Tennis is mostly mental. You win or lose the match before you even step out on the court.",
    "I think the key is to always enjoy the journey. There are ups and downs, but it’s about staying focused on the bigger picture.",
    "I don’t really have a favorite shot. I enjoy playing them all.",
    "The mental aspect of the game is as important as the physical side.",
    "I love the challenge of tennis. There’s no sport like it.",
    "I always try to be myself. I think that’s important.",
    "I believe it’s important to always evolve and try new things in the game.",
    "It’s not how many times you fall, it’s how many times you get back up.",
    "The sport of tennis is about consistency and dedication.",
    "Being consistent is something that’s very difficult to do, but when you achieve it, it’s very satisfying.",
    "The beauty of the sport is the challenge of it.",
    "Winning feels great, but it’s not about the titles, it’s about enjoying the process.",
    "You can have all the talent in the world, but you need the heart and mind to go with it.",
    "I’ve always wanted to be remembered as a player who gave it all, a player who loved tennis.",
    "If you want to become a champion, you have to be ready for the sacrifices it takes.",
    "Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.",
    "There are no shortcuts to success. You have to put in the work.",
    "I enjoy being around people who inspire me to be better.",
    "You learn more from losing than from winning.",
    "The most important thing is to stay calm in difficult moments.",
    "I always try to learn something new every time I step onto the court.",
    "I’ve been fortunate to have the best support system around me.",
    "Pressure is part of the game. You need to learn how to deal with it.",
    "I’ve always been a believer in working hard and believing in yourself.",
    "I don’t play for records, I play because I love the game.",
    "I’ve learned to embrace the moments of difficulty. They’re the ones that help me grow.",
    "It’s about playing with confidence and taking your chances.",
    "I try not to think about the big moments, just focus on the next point.",
    "You can’t get too caught up in the wins or the losses, you just have to focus on improving.",
    "You need to enjoy the game even when things are not going your way.",
    "The longer I play, the more I understand the importance of patience.",
    "I’ve always had a passion for the sport, and that’s what keeps me going.",
    "Tennis is an emotional game. You have to learn to control your emotions.",
    "I think the mental part of the game is often underestimated.",
    "There’s always a way to improve. You just have to find it.",
    "Being a tennis player is about balancing ambition and humility.",
    "You have to accept that not everything will go your way. But you can always keep fighting.",
    "I’ve never thought about retiring. I still love the game.",
    "It’s not the end of the world if you lose, but it’s definitely not fun.",
    "I feel like I’ve been able to handle pressure well throughout my career.",
    "Tennis is about how you handle adversity, how you recover and move forward.",
    "There’s no such thing as a perfect match. I’m always striving to improve.",
    "The best players are those who can perform under pressure.",
    "I want to leave the sport with no regrets.",
    "You need to trust your abilities and let the game flow.",
    "I think that the secret to success is staying positive and learning from your mistakes.",
    "I always try to keep things in perspective, no matter how big or small the match is.",
    "The real challenge is to stay motivated when things aren’t going your way.",
    "You can’t control everything in tennis, but you can control how hard you fight.",
    "I believe in working with a team and not being afraid to listen to others.",
    "The most important thing is to keep learning and evolving as a player.",
    "I’ve learned to take the good and the bad in stride. It’s part of the game.",
    "It’s not about being perfect; it’s about being resilient.",
    "There’s a lot of talent in the game, but mental strength is what sets the best apart.",
    "The only person you can control is yourself.",
    "Tennis is a game of moments. You need to make the most of them.",
    "It’s not always about being the fastest or the strongest, it’s about being the smartest.",
    "There’s no better feeling than playing well and getting results.",
    "You learn the most about yourself when you’re under pressure.",
    "I think people underestimate the importance of mental preparation in tennis.",
    "I never take my success for granted. Every win is special.",
    "Winning is important, but it’s not everything. It’s about enjoying the game.",
    "I’ve always been someone who tries to push the limits of what’s possible.",
    "The hardest part is not the work, it’s dealing with the emotions that come with the journey.",
    "I always try to be present, to focus on what’s happening right now.",
    "If you enjoy what you do, you’re going to be better at it.",
    "In tennis, you can’t control your opponent, but you can control how you react to them.",
    "I try to keep a positive attitude and focus on the things I can control.",
    "You can’t always win, but you can always improve.",
    "Success is a journey, not a destination.",
    "I’ve been able to keep a good balance in my life, and that’s been key to my success.",
    "I’ve always tried to be a complete player, not just relying on one aspect of the game.",
    "You can’t underestimate the value of mental toughness in tennis.",
    "I’ve had a lot of great moments in my career, but I’m always looking ahead.",
    "I think one of the keys to success is consistency. You have to put in the time every day.",
    "Tennis has given me everything, but it’s also taught me a lot about life.",
    "I don’t feel pressure to perform. I just enjoy playing.",
    "I don’t think about legacy. I just focus on playing the game I love.",
    "You need to be patient with yourself and understand that things take time.",
    "I’ve always said that the best way to deal with disappointment is to work harder.",
    "You can’t win every match, but you can give everything you have in each one.",
    "You never know when your last match will be, so you have to enjoy every moment.",
    "Tennis has been my passion, and I’ve been lucky to have had a long career.",
    "You have to stay hungry. The moment you stop fighting is the moment you lose.",
    "You can’t win without a good team around you.",
    "I never get tired of the competition. It’s what makes tennis so special.",
    "I don’t try to be anyone else but myself.",
    "I’m very grateful for the support I’ve received from my fans over the years.",
    "You can’t expect things to be easy. You have to work for everything.",
    "Tennis is more than just a sport; it’s a way of life.",
    "It’s not about winning every match, it’s about improving with every match.",
    "I’ve always tried to push the limits and challenge myself.",
    "I’m constantly looking for ways to improve, even when I’m winning.",
    "In tennis, it’s about being able to stay calm under pressure.",
    "The biggest lesson in tennis is that you can always bounce back from adversity.",
    "You never know what’s going to happen in a match. You just have to keep fighting.",
    "There are no shortcuts in tennis. You have to put in the hard work every day.",
    "The key is to enjoy the game and stay focused on the moment.",
    "I always try to leave everything on the court. That’s what matters most.",
    "There’s no substitute for hard work and dedication.",
    "Tennis is all about the moments you create in your career.",
    "I try to stay grounded and humble, no matter how much success I have.",
    "I think the most important thing is to stay motivated and enjoy what you’re doing.",
    "Tennis is a sport where you never stop learning.",
    "The biggest challenge is to stay motivated year after year.",
    "There are no easy matches, every one of them is a challenge.",
    "I’ve always been someone who loves a challenge.",
    "Success is not about being the best, it’s about being the best you can be.",
    "I believe that when you’re playing your best tennis, the results will come."
  ]
}
